#summary GEWebBrowser control notes
#labels Phase-Implementation

= Introduction =

The main control that holds the Google Earth Plug-in. 

= Details =

The GEWebBrowser inherits from the standard [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.windows.forms.webbrowser.aspx System.Windows.Forms.WebBrowser] control class and has the same base members, methods, properties and events. 

The GEWebBrowser control cannot be used by partially trusted code. For more information, see [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/8skskf63.aspx Using Libraries from Partially Trusted Code]

== Constructor == 

_GEWebBrowser_ GEWebBrowser() <br><br>Initializes a new instance of the GEWebBrowser class.

== Public events ==

 DataBinding Occurs when the server control binds to a data source. (Inherited from Control.) 
 DataBound Occurs after the server control binds to a data source. (Inherited from BaseDataBoundControl.) 
 Disposed Occurs when a server control is released from memory, which is the last stage of the server control lifecycle when an ASP.NET page is requested. (Inherited from Control.) 
 Init Occurs when the server control is initialized, which is the first step in its lifecycle. (Inherited from Control.) 
 Load Occurs when the server control is loaded into the Page object. (Inherited from Control.) 
 PreRender Occurs after the Control object is loaded but prior to rendering. (Inherited from Control.) 
 SelectedNodeChanged Occurs when a node is selected in the TreeView control.  
 TreeNodeCheckChanged Occurs when a check box in the TreeView control changes state between posts to the server.  
 TreeNodeCollapsed Occurs when a node is collapsed in the TreeView control.  
 TreeNodeDataBound Occurs when a data item is bound to a node in the TreeView control.  
 TreeNodeExpanded Occurs when a node is expanded in the TreeView control.  
 TreeNodePopulate Occurs when a node with its PopulateOnDemand property set to true is expanded in the TreeView control.  
 Unload Occurs when the server control is unloaded from memory. (Inherited from Control.) 


== Public methods == 

_void_ *Ready*(IGEPlugin plugin) <br><br>
This method should be called from javascript when the plugin is ready. Ideally this would be done in the "google.earth.createInstance" callback function. e.g. window.external.Ready(ge);

_void_ *!LoadKml*(_string_ url) <br><br>Loads a kml/kmz file specified by the url.

_void_ *!LoadKmlCallBack*(IKmlFeature kmlFeature) <br><br>This method should be called from javascript when a kml or kmz file has been successfully loaded. Ideally this is done in the "google.earth.fetchKml" callback function. e.g. window.external.LoadKmlCallBack(kmlFeature);

_object_ *!CreatePlacemark*(_string_ id, _string_ name, _double_ lat, _double_ lng, _string_ description) <br><br>Create a placemark and add it to the plug-in.

_object_ *!CreatLookAt*(_double_ lat, _double_ lng, _double_ alt, _double_ range, int mode) <br><br>Create a !KmlLookAt object.

_void_ *!CreateHtml_string_Balloon*(_string_ text) <br><br>Create and display a Html _string_ Balloon object in the plug-in.

_void_ *[InjectJavascript]*(_string_ javascript) <br><br>Injects a javascript element into the document head.

_object_ *[InvokeJavascript]*(_string_ function) <br><br>Executes a script function defined in the currently loaded document.

_object_ *[InvokeJavascript]*(_string_ function, _object[]_ args) <br><br>Executes a script function defined in the currently loaded document using the supplied arguments.

_void_ *!ModifyCss*(_string_ elementId, _string_ css, _bool_ overwrite) <br><br>Amend or overwrite the css style of a DOM element.